{
  "logbook": "- )The account for Palanhi High Tech Factory II in Palanhi has dropped to 48,262,525 Credits.: \n- Kuat Drive Yards)Reputation gained: Reason: Trade Completed Current reputation: 16\n- )Action-IV Transport was forced to flee after being attacked by ICG Energy Trader AEG-77-T Transport in Corellia. Your ship is at Empty Space in Corellia.: \n- )CSS-1 Corellian Star Shuttle was forced to flee after being attacked by CSA Mercenary Victor-wing in Quermia. Your ship is at Empty Space in Pakuuni.: \n- Corporate Sector Authority)Pirate Harassment: CSS-1 Corellian Star Shuttle MCX-199 in Quermia Accosted by Corporate Sector Authority pirate ship CSA Mercenary Victor-wing QSL-603. Response: Escape\n- Corporate Sector Authority)Police Interdiction: <span class='yellow'>[HERO] Resolute DCX-113 in Mon Calamari Ordered by Corporate Sector Authority police to stop and be inspected. Response: Comply\n- Mon Calamari Shipyards)Reputation gained: Reason: Trade Completed Current reputation: 23\n- Corporate Sector Authority)Police Interdiction: CSS-1 Corellian Star Shuttle NST-149 in Cantonica Ordered by Corporate Sector Authority police to stop and be inspected. Response: Comply\n- Mon Calamari Shipyards)Reputation gained: Reason: Trade Completed Current reputation: 23\n- )War update: : Corporate Sector Authority station in Nimban was destroyed\n- Corporate Sector Authority)Police Interdiction: CR-70MX Corvette FNX-817 in Mon Calamari Ordered by Corporate Sector Authority police to stop and be inspected. Response: Comply\n- )CSS-1 Corellian Star Shuttle was forced to flee after being attacked by CSA Mercenary R-41 Starchaser in Felucia. Your ship is at Empty Space in Felucia.: \n- Kuat Drive Yards)Reputation gained: Reason: Trade Completed Current reputation: 16\n- Corporate Sector Authority)Police Interdiction: Acclamator-II Heavy Assault Cruiser LYH-867 in Mon Calamari Ordered by Corporate Sector Authority police to stop and be inspected. Response: Comply\n- Valarian Syndicate)Pirate Harassment: CSS-1 Corellian Star Shuttle YPK-821 in Felucia Accosted by Valarian Syndicate pirate ship VLS Mercenary R-41 Starchaser IXZ-608. Response: Escape\n- Corporate Sector Authority)Police Interdiction: Acclamator-II Heavy Assault Cruiser KQP-966 in Mon Calamari Ordered by Corporate Sector Authority police to stop and be inspected. Response: Comply\n- )CSS-1 Corellian Star Shuttle was forced to flee after being attacked by NRL Mercenary Kimogila  in Trellen. Your ship is at Empty Space in Trellen.: \n- New Republic)Police Interdiction: GR-500 Miner OBR-861 in Coruscant Ordered by New Republic police to stop and be inspected. Response: Comply\n- )War update: : Increased Corporate Sector Authority reconnaissance in Nimban\n- Kuat Drive Yards)Reputation gained: Reason: Trade Completed Current reputation: 16\n- Corporate Sector Authority)Police Interdiction: Neutron Star-class Fleet Tender NQS-618 in Mon Calamari Ordered by Corporate Sector Authority police to stop and be inspected. Response: Comply\n- )AA-9 Ore Miner was forced to flee after being attacked by IMP Ship Tech Trader Acclamator-I in Mon Calamari. Your ship is at Empty Space in Mon Calamari.: \n- New Republic)Pirate Harassment: CSS-1 Corellian Star Shuttle KHQ-714 in Trellen Accosted by New Republic pirate ship NRL Mercenary Kimogila  EYV-988. Response: Escape\n- )CSS-1 Corellian Star Shuttle was forced to flee after being attacked by TST Battlecruiser Nova in Trellen. Your ship is at Empty Space in Trellen.: \n- Rendili Drive Yards)Reputation gained: +1: Reason: Trade Completed Current reputation: 8\n- )War update: : Increased Corporate Sector Authority reconnaissance in Nimban\n- )The account for Mon Calamari Base Level Processing Plant in Mon Calamari has dropped to 8,833,460 Credits.: \n- Twin Suns Transport Services)Pirate Harassment: CSS-1 Corellian Star Shuttle FAJ-873 in Trellen Accosted by Twin Suns Transport Services pirate ship TST Battlecruiser Nova PRW-921. Response: Escape\n- Kuat Drive Yards)Reputation gained: Reason: Trade Completed Current reputation: 16\n- Mon Calamari Shipyards)Reputation gained: Reason: Trade Completed Current reputation: 23\n- Corporate Sector Authority)Police Interdiction: Harbor-class ZBZ-715 in Mon Calamari Ordered by Corporate Sector Authority police to stop and be inspected. Response: Comply\n- )War update: : Corporate Sector Authority station under construction in Nimban\n- )CSS-1 Corellian Star Shuttle was forced to flee after being attacked by MDW Food Trader Stathas Freighter in Celanon. Your ship is at Empty Space in Celanon.: \n- Corellian Engeneering Corporation)Reputation gained: Reason: Trade Completed Current reputation: 13\n- )CSS-1 Corellian Star Shuttle was forced to flee after being attacked by TST Mercenary Lancer in Perma. Your ship is at Empty Space in Perma.: ",
  "missionOffers": "\nMission Offers:\n---coalition---\n- Corporate Sector Authority)Defensive Measures [build] [Opposing Faction: ]: Instead of trying to pull together for a brighter future, there are some that still wish to fight, and of course there is the ever present threat of the Xenon, and rumours of the Kha'ak. With all of this in mind, we feel the need for more static defensive capability, and request that a defensive installation be built in the following location to help us deter threats from our space. We will require the facility to fit the following specifications.  Destination: Cantonica (at specified location) Minimum plot size: 6 x 6 x 6 km Required constructs: 5 x Defence Modules, 1 x Dock Area, 1 x Pier, 1 x Wide Area Sensor Array, 48 x Turrets, 10 x Shield Generators  Estimated minimum build cost: 14,762,000 Cr  To be a valid Defence Station, one of the Defence Modules must be an Administrative Centre.  Expenses will be covered generously, within reason. Reward:0\n- Corporate Sector Authority)Escort CSA Cargo Ship LAAT/c [escort] [Opposing Faction: ]: Escort CSA Cargo Ship LAAT/c (YOC-129) as they complete their duties.  We will assign targets to you when your targeting computer is free. Engagements against factions that are outside the scope of our mission will be ignored.  To complete the mission, ensure that CSA Cargo Ship LAAT/c (YOC-129) completes all their trade orders. New trade orders that they receive during the mission may extend the mission duration. The mission will end early when CSA Cargo Ship LAAT/c (YOC-129) is left with no escort for more than 5 minutes.  You will be rewarded for each trade they complete, adjusted by the sectors they traversed, the amount of time that your ships were in escort (while within 100km), and for enemies that your ships engage.  Failure condition is: when CSA Cargo Ship LAAT/c (YOC-129) fail to complete any trade.  Current trade mission: Buy Field Coils from Kadavo.  (Note that CSA Cargo Ship LAAT/c (YOC-129) can travel up to 7319 m/s.) Reward:0\n- Corporate Sector Authority)Escort CSA Cargo Ship Pelta-class  [escort] [Opposing Faction: ]: Escort CSA Cargo Ship Pelta-class  (DPN-203) as they complete their duties.  We will assign targets to you when your targeting computer is free. Engagements against factions that are outside the scope of our mission will be ignored.  To complete the mission, ensure that CSA Cargo Ship Pelta-class  (DPN-203) completes all their trade orders. New trade orders that they receive during the mission may extend the mission duration. The mission will end early when CSA Cargo Ship Pelta-class  (DPN-203) is left with no escort for more than 5 minutes.  You will be rewarded for each trade they complete, adjusted by the sectors they traversed, the amount of time that your ships were in escort (while within 100km), and for enemies that your ships engage.  Failure condition is: when CSA Cargo Ship Pelta-class  (DPN-203) fail to complete any trade.  Current trade mission: Buy Food Rations from Quermia.  (Note that CSA Cargo Ship Pelta-class  (DPN-203) can travel up to 11436 m/s.) Reward:0\n- Corporate Sector Authority)Escort CSA High-Tech Trader Gozanti Transport [escort] [Opposing Faction: ]: Escort CSA High-Tech Trader Gozanti Transport (WHQ-805) as they complete their duties.  We will assign targets to you when your targeting computer is free. Engagements against factions that are outside the scope of our mission will be ignored.  To complete the mission, ensure that CSA High-Tech Trader Gozanti Transport (WHQ-805) completes all their trade orders. New trade orders that they receive during the mission may extend the mission duration. The mission will end early when CSA High-Tech Trader Gozanti Transport (WHQ-805) is left with no escort for more than 5 minutes.  You will be rewarded for each trade they complete, adjusted by the sectors they traversed, the amount of time that your ships were in escort (while within 100km), and for enemies that your ships engage.  Failure condition is: when CSA High-Tech Trader Gozanti Transport (WHQ-805) fail to complete any trade.  Current trade mission: Sell Shield Components to Telos.  (Note that CSA High-Tech Trader Gozanti Transport (WHQ-805) can travel up to 4840 m/s.) Reward:0\n- Corporate Sector Authority)Escort CSA High-Tech Trader T-6 Shuttle [escort] [Opposing Faction: ]: Escort CSA High-Tech Trader T-6 Shuttle (TRC-193) as they complete their duties.  We will assign targets to you when your targeting computer is free. Engagements against factions that are outside the scope of our mission will be ignored.  To complete the mission, ensure that CSA High-Tech Trader T-6 Shuttle (TRC-193) completes all their trade orders. New trade orders that they receive during the mission may extend the mission duration. The mission will end early when CSA High-Tech Trader T-6 Shuttle (TRC-193) is left with no escort for more than 5 minutes.  You will be rewarded for each trade they complete, adjusted by the sectors they traversed, the amount of time that your ships were in escort (while within 100km), and for enemies that your ships engage.  Failure condition is: when CSA High-Tech Trader T-6 Shuttle (TRC-193) fail to complete any trade.  Current trade mission: Buy Advanced Composites from Telos.  (Note that CSA High-Tech Trader T-6 Shuttle (TRC-193) can travel up to 6974 m/s.) Reward:0\n- Corporate Sector Authority)Escort CSA Hull-Tech Trader Theta Shuttle [escort] [Opposing Faction: ]: Escort CSA Hull-Tech Trader Theta Shuttle (WHH-697) as they complete their duties.  We will assign targets to you when your targeting computer is free. Engagements against factions that are outside the scope of our mission will be ignored.  To complete the mission, ensure that CSA Hull-Tech Trader Theta Shuttle (WHH-697) completes all their trade orders. New trade orders that they receive during the mission may extend the mission duration. The mission will end early when CSA Hull-Tech Trader Theta Shuttle (WHH-697) is left with no escort for more than 5 minutes.  You will be rewarded for each trade they complete, adjusted by the sectors they traversed, the amount of time that your ships were in escort (while within 100km), and for enemies that your ships engage.  Failure condition is: when CSA Hull-Tech Trader Theta Shuttle (WHH-697) fail to complete any trade.  Current trade mission: Buy Rhydonium Core from Voss.  (Note that CSA Hull-Tech Trader Theta Shuttle (WHH-697) can travel up to 6195 m/s.) Reward:0\n- Corporate Sector Authority)Escort CSA Intermediates Trader CR-70 Consular [escort] [Opposing Faction: ]: Escort CSA Intermediates Trader CR-70 Consular (TGD-167) as they complete their duties.  We will assign targets to you when your targeting computer is free. Engagements against factions that are outside the scope of our mission will be ignored.  To complete the mission, ensure that CSA Intermediates Trader CR-70 Consular (TGD-167) completes all their trade orders. New trade orders that they receive during the mission may extend the mission duration. The mission will end early when CSA Intermediates Trader CR-70 Consular (TGD-167) is left with no escort for more than 5 minutes.  You will be rewarded for each trade they complete, adjusted by the sectors they traversed, the amount of time that your ships were in escort (while within 100km), and for enemies that your ships engage.  Failure condition is: when CSA Intermediates Trader CR-70 Consular (TGD-167) fail to complete any trade.  Current trade mission: Sell Superfluid Coolant to Kadavo.  (Note that CSA Intermediates Trader CR-70 Consular (TGD-167) can travel up to 6738 m/s.) Reward:0\n- Tagge Corporation)Escort TAG Cargo Ship Neutron Star Freighter [escort] [Opposing Faction: ]: Escort TAG Cargo Ship Neutron Star Freighter (IOX-262) as they complete their duties.  We will assign targets to you when your targeting computer is free. Engagements against factions that are outside the scope of our mission will be ignored.  To complete the mission, ensure that TAG Cargo Ship Neutron Star Freighter (IOX-262) completes all their trade orders. New trade orders that they receive during the mission may extend the mission duration. The mission will end early when TAG Cargo Ship Neutron Star Freighter (IOX-262) is left with no escort for more than 5 minutes.  You will be rewarded for each trade they complete, adjusted by the sectors they traversed, the amount of time that your ships were in escort (while within 100km), and for enemies that your ships engage.  Failure condition is: when TAG Cargo Ship Neutron Star Freighter (IOX-262) fail to complete any trade.  Current trade mission: Sell Refined Metals to Zygerria.  (Note that TAG Cargo Ship Neutron Star Freighter (IOX-262) can travel up to 8990 m/s.) Reward:0\n- Tagge Corporation)Escort TAG Energy Trader BFF-1 [escort] [Opposing Faction: ]: Escort TAG Energy Trader BFF-1 (IEG-800) as they complete their duties.  We will assign targets to you when your targeting computer is free. Engagements against factions that are outside the scope of our mission will be ignored.  To complete the mission, ensure that TAG Energy Trader BFF-1 (IEG-800) completes all their trade orders. New trade orders that they receive during the mission may extend the mission duration. The mission will end early when TAG Energy Trader BFF-1 (IEG-800) is left with no escort for more than 5 minutes.  You will be rewarded for each trade they complete, adjusted by the sectors they traversed, the amount of time that your ships were in escort (while within 100km), and for enemies that your ships engage.  Failure condition is: when TAG Energy Trader BFF-1 (IEG-800) fail to complete any trade.  Current trade mission: Sell Energy Cells to Scipio.  (Note that TAG Energy Trader BFF-1 (IEG-800) can travel up to 3991 m/s.) Reward:0\n- Tagge Corporation)Escort TAG Intermediates Trader CSS-1 Shuttle [escort] [Opposing Faction: ]: Escort TAG Intermediates Trader CSS-1 Shuttle (TTI-643) as they complete their duties.  We will assign targets to you when your targeting computer is free. Engagements against factions that are outside the scope of our mission will be ignored.  To complete the mission, ensure that TAG Intermediates Trader CSS-1 Shuttle (TTI-643) completes all their trade orders. New trade orders that they receive during the mission may extend the mission duration. The mission will end early when TAG Intermediates Trader CSS-1 Shuttle (TTI-643) is left with no escort for more than 5 minutes.  You will be rewarded for each trade they complete, adjusted by the sectors they traversed, the amount of time that your ships were in escort (while within 100km), and for enemies that your ships engage.  Failure condition is: when TAG Intermediates Trader CSS-1 Shuttle (TTI-643) fail to complete any trade.  Current trade mission: Sell Silicon Wafers to Ajan Kloss.  (Note that TAG Intermediates Trader CSS-1 Shuttle (TTI-643) can travel up to 6665 m/s.) Reward:0\n- Tagge Corporation)Escort TAG Intermediates Trader Fortitude-class [escort] [Opposing Faction: ]: Escort TAG Intermediates Trader Fortitude-class (DYG-553) as they complete their duties.  We will assign targets to you when your targeting computer is free. Engagements against factions that are outside the scope of our mission will be ignored.  To complete the mission, ensure that TAG Intermediates Trader Fortitude-class (DYG-553) completes all their trade orders. New trade orders that they receive during the mission may extend the mission duration. The mission will end early when TAG Intermediates Trader Fortitude-class (DYG-553) is left with no escort for more than 5 minutes.  You will be rewarded for each trade they complete, adjusted by the sectors they traversed, the amount of time that your ships were in escort (while within 100km), and for enemies that your ships engage.  Failure condition is: when TAG Intermediates Trader Fortitude-class (DYG-553) fail to complete any trade.  Current trade mission: Sell Superfluid Coolant to Kadavo.  (Note that TAG Intermediates Trader Fortitude-class (DYG-553) can travel up to 6257 m/s.) Reward:0\n- Tagge Corporation)Escort TAG Rhydonium Miner Action-IV Miner [escort] [Opposing Faction: ]: Escort TAG Rhydonium Miner Action-IV Miner (JDB-121) as they complete their duties.  We will assign targets to you when your targeting computer is free. Engagements against factions that are outside the scope of our mission will be ignored.  To complete the mission, ensure that TAG Rhydonium Miner Action-IV Miner (JDB-121) completes all their trade orders. New trade orders that they receive during the mission may extend the mission duration. The mission will end early when TAG Rhydonium Miner Action-IV Miner (JDB-121) is left with no escort for more than 5 minutes.  You will be rewarded for each trade they complete, adjusted by the sectors they traversed, the amount of time that your ships were in escort (while within 100km), and for enemies that your ships engage.  Failure condition is: when TAG Rhydonium Miner Action-IV Miner (JDB-121) fail to complete any trade.  Current mining mission: Deliver Rhydonium to Yavin 4.  (Note that TAG Rhydonium Miner Action-IV Miner (JDB-121) can travel up to 5466 m/s.) Reward:0\n- Corporate Sector Authority)Marines Needed [transport] [Opposing Faction: ]: This is a general call for anyone looking for excitement and adventure, and the opportunity to serve as part of a great military body. We are looking for fit and healthy marines that are willing to help us in any of our boarding operations. Each should be trained as described below and brought or make their way to the following location. Seeking: 3x Marine(s) Delivery location: CSA Medical Supply Factory I (ELL-910) Required skills:  Boarding: [menu_star_04][menu_star_01][menu_star_01][menu_star_01][menu_star_01] Morale: [menu_star_01][menu_star_01][menu_star_01][menu_star_01][menu_star_01] Reward:126420\n- Corporate Sector Authority)Preventative Measures [destroy] [Opposing Faction: ]: We believe a criminal syndicate is planning a major offensive against this station soon, and are preparing for it by sending agents onto the station to take out our defences prior to the attack. If we can cut them off now, we gain a significant advantage, if the pirates decide to attack at all. Reward:92340\n- Corporate Sector Authority)Ship Seizure [board] [Opposing Faction: corporate]: One of our informants has reported that there is a ship passing through the area, which we do not want in the hands of the owner. The time window is short, and we are currently lacking manpower, so we are willing to hire outside help to make sure this ship is intercepted and boarded.  This intel is still fresh, and local law enforcement may not yet be aware of the planned intervention. Your compensation should cover any additional expenses caused by a skirmish or loss in standing. Reward:3665750.08\n- Corporate Sector Authority)Steady Trigger Finger Required [destroy] [Opposing Faction: mandoraiders]: Once again, our main competitor has proved what low depths they'll reach to in order to gain an advantage, placing explosive mines around one of our supplier station in order to push us out of the market. We're looking for someone who can safely and swiftly dismantle the mines on our behalf. Reward:72720\n- Corporate Sector Authority)Support Corporate Sector Authority patrol: Pakuuni [fight] [Opposing Faction: ]: Support CSA Patrol Proclamator (JTK-701) on their patrol of Pakuuni for at least 20 minutes.  Your priority is to patrol the sector - whether with the mission guidance or on your own.  We will assign targets to you when your targeting computer is free. These are optional targets and you are allowed to ignore them or engage other targets on your own. However, except for attacks against criminals, engagements against factions that we have not targeted will be ignored.  The mission completes when CSA Patrol Proclamator (JTK-701) completes their orders or when no enemy targets are found after 20 minutes. New combat orders that they receive during the mission may extend the mission. Escort and kill rewards continue to accumulate past 20 minutes. You can request an early release from the mission.  You will be rewarded for enemies that your ships engage plus a bonus if CSA Patrol Proclamator (JTK-701) survives.  The mission will end early if you have no ships in the mission sector for more than 5 minutes.  (Note that CSA Patrol Proclamator (JTK-701) can travel up to 10229 m/s.) Reward:0---guild---\n--New Republic vs Mandalorian Deathwatch War--- New Republic)New Republic vs Mandalorian Deathwatch War [fight] [Opposing Faction: ]: Due to our close proximity to Mandalorian Death Watch space, we are looking for volunteers help secure our borders as well as repel any Mandalorian Death Watch incursions. We have a wide variety of tasks to assign so whatever your skills do not hesitate to sign up! Reward:0--The New Republic Vs. The Imperial Ascendancy--- New Republic)The New Republic Vs. The Imperial Ascendancy [fight] [Opposing Faction: ]: Due to our close proximity to Imperial Ascendancy space, we are looking for volunteers help secure our borders as well as repel any Imperial Ascendancy incursions. We have a wide variety of tasks to assign so whatever your skills do not hesitate to sign up! Reward:0--The New Republic vs the Galactic Empire War--- New Republic)The New Republic vs the Galactic Empire War [fight] [Opposing Faction: ]: Due to our close proximity to Galactic Empire space, we are looking for volunteers help secure our borders as well as repel any Galactic Empire incursions. We have a wide variety of tasks to assign so whatever your skills do not hesitate to sign up! Reward:0"
}