{
  "logbook": "- Corellian Engeneering Corporation)Reputation gained: Reason: Trade Completed Current reputation: 13\n- )CSS-1 Corellian Star Shuttle was forced to flee after being attacked by TST Mercenary Lancer in Perma. Your ship is at Empty Space in Perma.: \n- )The account for Cantonica Equipment Dock I in Cantonica has dropped to 7,331,012 Credits.: \n- Tagge Corporation)Pirate Harassment: CSS-1 Corellian Star Shuttle GRT-982 in Perma Accosted by Tagge Corporation pirate ship TAG Mercenary Lancer LWV-687. Response: Escape\n- )The account for Coruscant Base Level Processing Plant in Coruscant has dropped to 9,225,512 Credits.: \n- )CSS-1 Corellian Star Shuttle was forced to flee after being attacked by NRL Mercenary Kimogila  in Trellen. Your ship is at Empty Space in Commenor.: \n- )CSS-1 Corellian Star Shuttle was forced to flee after being attacked by IMP Patrol Gozanti Cruiser in Columex. Your ship is at Empty Space in Lianna.: \n- New Republic)Police Interdiction: AA-9 Gas Miner QPE-937 in Prakith Ordered by New Republic police to stop and be inspected. Response: Comply\n- Corporate Sector Authority)Police Interdiction: Harbor-class YCN-531 in Mon Calamari Ordered by Corporate Sector Authority police to stop and be inspected. Response: Comply\n- )AA-9 Ore Miner was forced to flee after being attacked by ICG Star Fighter Scarab-class in Vakkar. Your ship is at Empty Space in Bilbringi.: \n- )CSS-1 Corellian Star Shuttle was forced to flee after being attacked by IMP Energy Trader Lambda Shuttle in Phindar. Your ship is at Empty Space in Yavin 4.: \n- )The account for Palanhi High Tech Factory II in Palanhi has dropped to 46,016,207 Credits.: \n- Kuat Drive Yards)Reputation gained: Reason: Trade Completed Current reputation: 16\n- Corporate Sector Authority)Police Interdiction: Acclamator-II Heavy Assault Cruiser GUB-930 in Mon Calamari Ordered by Corporate Sector Authority police to stop and be inspected. Response: Comply\n- New Republic)Pirate Harassment: CSS-1 Corellian Star Shuttle CQC-574 in Trellen Accosted by New Republic pirate ship NRL Mercenary Kimogila  EYV-988. Response: Escape\n- New Republic)Police Interdiction: CSS-1 Corellian Star Shuttle JDF-863 in Coruscant Ordered by New Republic police to stop and be inspected. Response: Comply\n- )CSS-1 Corellian Star Shuttle was forced to flee after being attacked by ICG Star Fighter Belbullab in Vakkar. Your ship is at Empty Space in Vakkar.: \n- Mon Calamari Shipyards)Reputation gained: Reason: Trade Completed Current reputation: 23\n- )CSS-1 Corellian Star Shuttle was forced to flee after being attacked by IMP Patrol Gozanti Cruiser in Jabiim. Your ship is at Empty Space in Columex.: \n- New Republic)Police Interdiction: CSS-1 Corellian Star Shuttle ZVH-805 in Coruscant Ordered by New Republic police to stop and be inspected. Response: Comply\n- )CSS-1 Corellian Star Shuttle was forced to flee after being attacked by IMP Lambda Shuttle in Lucazec. Your ship is at Empty Space in Lucazec.: \n- )C-K Gas Collector was forced to flee after being attacked by ICG Star Fighter Belbullab in Vakkar. Your ship is at Empty Space in Bilbringi.: \n- Kuat Drive Yards)Reputation gained: Reason: Trade Completed Current reputation: 16\n- )The account for Mon Calamari Base Level Processing Plant in Mon Calamari has dropped to 8,200,920 Credits.: \n- Kuat Drive Yards)Reputation gained: Reason: Trade Completed Current reputation: 16\n- )War update: : Corporate Sector Authority mounting defence in Boonta\n- )War update: : Increased Corporate Sector Authority reconnaissance in Nimban\n- Kuat Drive Yards)Reputation gained: Reason: Trade Completed Current reputation: 16\n- )Maintenance Report - success: Maintenance was paid in full. Supply wares consumed: 100\n- Kuat Drive Yards)Reputation gained: Reason: Trade Completed Current reputation: 16\n- )The account for Coruscant Base Level Processing Plant in Coruscant has dropped to 5,967,107 Credits.: \n- Incom Corporation)Reputation gained: Reason: Trade Completed Current reputation: 13\n- Kuat Drive Yards)Reputation gained: Reason: Trade Completed Current reputation: 16\n- Mon Calamari Shipyards)Reputation gained: Reason: Trade Completed Current reputation: 23\n- New Republic)Police Interdiction: AA-9 Gas Miner QPE-937 in Coruscant Ordered by New Republic police to stop and be inspected. Response: Comply\n- )CSS-1 Corellian Star Shuttle was forced to flee after being attacked by IMP High-Tech Trader Gozanti Imperial Transport in Phindar. Your ship is at Empty Space in Phindar.: \n- )The account for Cantonica Equipment Dock I in Cantonica has dropped to 6,926,631 Credits.: \n- )CSS-1 Corellian Star Shuttle was forced to flee after being attacked by IMP Cargo Ship Acclamator-I in Phindar. Your ship is at Empty Space in Phindar.: \n- )War update: : Corporate Sector Authority mounting defence in Boonta\n- )AA-9 Ore Miner was forced to flee after being attacked by ICG Star Fighter Belbullab in Coruscant. Your ship is at Empty Space in Coruscant.: \n- )CSS-1 Corellian Star Shuttle was forced to flee after being attacked by NRL Mercenary Kimogila  in Trellen. Your ship is at Empty Space in Trellen.: \n- Mon Calamari Shipyards)Reputation gained: Reason: Trade Completed Current reputation: 23\n- )The account for Palanhi High Tech Factory II in Palanhi has dropped to 43,178,087 Credits.: \n- )CSS-1 Corellian Star Shuttle was forced to flee after being attacked by ICG Station Miner Action-IV Miner in Commenor. Your ship is at Empty Space in Commenor.: \n- )CSS-1 Corellian Star Shuttle was forced to flee after being attacked by IMP High-Tech Trader Gozanti Imperial Transport in Phindar. Your ship is at Empty Space in Phindar.: \n- New Republic)Police Interdiction: Action-IV Transport CSU-144 in Kuat Ordered by New Republic police to stop and be inspected. Response: Comply\n- Corporate Sector Authority)Police Interdiction: AA-9 Ore Miner PJW-035 in Mon Calamari Ordered by Corporate Sector Authority police to stop and be inspected. Response: Comply\n- )War update: : Corporate Sector Authority mounting defence in Boonta\n- )AA-9 Ore Miner was forced to flee after being attacked by ICG Star Fighter Belbullab in Coruscant. Your ship is at Empty Space in Coruscant.: \n- New Republic)Pirate Harassment: CSS-1 Corellian Star Shuttle IDE-424 in Trellen Accosted by New Republic pirate ship NRL Mercenary Kimogila  EYV-988. Response: Escape\n- Mon Calamari Shipyards)Reputation gained: Reason: Trade Completed Current reputation: 23\n- New Republic)Police Interdiction: CSS-1 Corellian Star Shuttle ZYA-390 in Kuat Ordered by New Republic police to stop and be inspected. Response: Comply",
  "missionOffers": "\nMission Offers:\n---coalition---\n- Corporate Sector Authority)Escort CSA Cargo Ship LAAT/c [escort] [Opposing Faction: ]: Escort CSA Cargo Ship LAAT/c (KDR-901) as they complete their duties.  We will assign targets to you when your targeting computer is free. Engagements against factions that are outside the scope of our mission will be ignored.  To complete the mission, ensure that CSA Cargo Ship LAAT/c (KDR-901) completes all their trade orders. New trade orders that they receive during the mission may extend the mission duration. The mission will end early when CSA Cargo Ship LAAT/c (KDR-901) is left with no escort for more than 5 minutes.  You will be rewarded for each trade they complete, adjusted by the sectors they traversed, the amount of time that your ships were in escort (while within 100km), and for enemies that your ships engage.  Failure condition is: when CSA Cargo Ship LAAT/c (KDR-901) fail to complete any trade.  Current trade mission: Buy Medical Supplies from Zygerria.  (Note that CSA Cargo Ship LAAT/c (KDR-901) can travel up to 7319 m/s.) Reward:0\n- Corporate Sector Authority)Escort CSA Cargo Ship Neutron Star Freighter [escort] [Opposing Faction: ]: Escort CSA Cargo Ship Neutron Star Freighter (ZIG-786) as they complete their duties.  We will assign targets to you when your targeting computer is free. Engagements against factions that are outside the scope of our mission will be ignored.  To complete the mission, ensure that CSA Cargo Ship Neutron Star Freighter (ZIG-786) completes all their trade orders. New trade orders that they receive during the mission may extend the mission duration. The mission will end early when CSA Cargo Ship Neutron Star Freighter (ZIG-786) is left with no escort for more than 5 minutes.  You will be rewarded for each trade they complete, adjusted by the sectors they traversed, the amount of time that your ships were in escort (while within 100km), and for enemies that your ships engage.  Failure condition is: when CSA Cargo Ship Neutron Star Freighter (ZIG-786) fail to complete any trade.  Current trade mission: Buy Sensor Components from Kadavo.  (Note that CSA Cargo Ship Neutron Star Freighter (ZIG-786) can travel up to 8990 m/s.) Reward:0\n- Corporate Sector Authority)Escort CSA Hull-Tech Trader CSS-1 Shuttle [escort] [Opposing Faction: ]: Escort CSA Hull-Tech Trader CSS-1 Shuttle (BNL-850) as they complete their duties.  We will assign targets to you when your targeting computer is free. Engagements against factions that are outside the scope of our mission will be ignored.  To complete the mission, ensure that CSA Hull-Tech Trader CSS-1 Shuttle (BNL-850) completes all their trade orders. New trade orders that they receive during the mission may extend the mission duration. The mission will end early when CSA Hull-Tech Trader CSS-1 Shuttle (BNL-850) is left with no escort for more than 5 minutes.  You will be rewarded for each trade they complete, adjusted by the sectors they traversed, the amount of time that your ships were in escort (while within 100km), and for enemies that your ships engage.  Failure condition is: when CSA Hull-Tech Trader CSS-1 Shuttle (BNL-850) fail to complete any trade.  Current trade mission: Buy Rhydonium Core from Kadavo.  (Note that CSA Hull-Tech Trader CSS-1 Shuttle (BNL-850) can travel up to 6665 m/s.) Reward:0\n- Corporate Sector Authority)Escort CSA Ship Tech Trader CR-70 Consular [escort] [Opposing Faction: ]: Escort CSA Ship Tech Trader CR-70 Consular (SPZ-149) as they complete their duties.  We will assign targets to you when your targeting computer is free. Engagements against factions that are outside the scope of our mission will be ignored.  To complete the mission, ensure that CSA Ship Tech Trader CR-70 Consular (SPZ-149) completes all their trade orders. New trade orders that they receive during the mission may extend the mission duration. The mission will end early when CSA Ship Tech Trader CR-70 Consular (SPZ-149) is left with no escort for more than 5 minutes.  You will be rewarded for each trade they complete, adjusted by the sectors they traversed, the amount of time that your ships were in escort (while within 100km), and for enemies that your ships engage.  Failure condition is: when CSA Ship Tech Trader CR-70 Consular (SPZ-149) fail to complete any trade.  Current trade mission: Sell Advanced Electronics to Telos.  (Note that CSA Ship Tech Trader CR-70 Consular (SPZ-149) can travel up to 6738 m/s.) Reward:0\n- Corporate Sector Authority)Peace and Stability [patrol] [Opposing Faction: sith]: We could use some help patrolling one of our sectors to ensure that everything is peaceful. If we can guarantee safety we can focus our efforts on expanding and stabilising our reach. Secure our sector for at least 20 minutes and we will compensate you for your time, and add a bonus for every enemy you protect us from.  Sector: Kadavo Reward:161400\n- Corporate Sector Authority)Seeking Rare Spices [deliver] [Opposing Faction: ]: While the standard spices produced on the market suffice to give our food good taste and most people are happy with them, we feel people are missing out on more interesting flavours and we could get ahead of the competition by seeking out rarer and more exotic spices. We will pay anyone who can bring some of these spices to the manager of this station. Reward:75810\n- Corporate Sector Authority)Shakedown [destroy] [Opposing Faction: ]: There has been a stark increase in criminal traffic on and around this station and we have now been authorised to use lethal force to try to ward them off. Helping us in this endeavour will greatly increase the safety and security of this area, and will also be greatly rewarded. Reward:98110\n- Corporate Sector Authority)Ship Maintenance [transport] [Opposing Faction: ]: I am doing maintenance on our capital ships and ironically my vessel has now broken down. Can you please help me get to my next assignment? I will be able to get a new ship for myself once I am there.  Docking limited to S-sized ships. Reward:87020\n- Corporate Sector Authority)Support Corporate Sector Authority patrol: Pakuuni [fight] [Opposing Faction: ]: Support CSA Patrol Proclamator (JTK-701) on their patrol of Pakuuni for at least 20 minutes.  Your priority is to patrol the sector - whether with the mission guidance or on your own.  We will assign targets to you when your targeting computer is free. These are optional targets and you are allowed to ignore them or engage other targets on your own. However, except for attacks against criminals, engagements against factions that we have not targeted will be ignored.  The mission completes when CSA Patrol Proclamator (JTK-701) completes their orders or when no enemy targets are found after 20 minutes. New combat orders that they receive during the mission may extend the mission. Escort and kill rewards continue to accumulate past 20 minutes. You can request an early release from the mission.  You will be rewarded for enemies that your ships engage plus a bonus if CSA Patrol Proclamator (JTK-701) survives.  The mission will end early if you have no ships in the mission sector for more than 5 minutes.  (Note that CSA Patrol Proclamator (JTK-701) can travel up to 10229 m/s.) Reward:0---guild---\n--New Republic vs Mandalorian Deathwatch War--- New Republic)New Republic vs Mandalorian Deathwatch War [fight] [Opposing Faction: ]: Due to our close proximity to Mandalorian Death Watch space, we are looking for volunteers help secure our borders as well as repel any Mandalorian Death Watch incursions. We have a wide variety of tasks to assign so whatever your skills do not hesitate to sign up! Reward:0--The New Republic Vs. The Imperial Ascendancy--- New Republic)The New Republic Vs. The Imperial Ascendancy [fight] [Opposing Faction: ]: Due to our close proximity to Imperial Ascendancy space, we are looking for volunteers help secure our borders as well as repel any Imperial Ascendancy incursions. We have a wide variety of tasks to assign so whatever your skills do not hesitate to sign up! Reward:0--The New Republic vs the Galactic Empire War--- New Republic)The New Republic vs the Galactic Empire War [fight] [Opposing Faction: ]: Due to our close proximity to Galactic Empire space, we are looking for volunteers help secure our borders as well as repel any Galactic Empire incursions. We have a wide variety of tasks to assign so whatever your skills do not hesitate to sign up! Reward:0"
}